---
title: 'UNFORTUNATE & UNREACHABLE'
description: 'Stuff.'
pubDate: 'Jun 24 2026'
heroImage: '../../assets/MannequinPic.JPG'
---

I'm not pathetic, nor am I in need of help, nor am I in need of anyone's comfort. I'm not in need of social connection, nor fulfilment, nor happiness, but somewhere you certainly have to draw the line between being able to survive without it, and something that should not be missing for a prolonged period of time so as not to go insane. Always having been different, I keep wondering where this line is, and where I would draw it for myself, and for others. I believe the average person - or even a step further, more than 95% of people - would start going insane if they had the same consciousness I do, had the same desires I do, but had none of the resources that most people do.

There is nothing that makes me happier than social interaction, and that has always been this way. Never once in my life have I felt a pleasure better than the greatest social pleasure I've experienced, or even the average social pleasure. I'm assuming with absolute certainty that this will not be the case forever, and I am actively working towards making that statement true, but for now that is how it is and I do unfortunately have to accept that, and possibly use it to my advantage as much as I can.

Having this general social dependency is not a great combination with being an outsider. Sometimes I miss a bus on purpose just so I can spend more time waiting in case something exciting happens outside. Like seeing someone I know and waving at them or saying hello. Maybe not even that. Maybe just being observed by people in public. It's like a social claustrophobia that plagues me. Just like being in a closed space induces anxiety in a claustrophobic person, being unreachable, uninteractable or closed off from the rest of the social world feels similar to me.

My school ends, or used to end at 13:00. Sometimes a part of the class had PE after until 15:00, but most of the times they did not. When the bell rang at 13:00, it would fill me anxiety as it meant the end of the social day. On PE days, that anxiety came at 15:00. It is directly bound to the school day ending for me, or more importantly for everyone else. Sometimes when my portion of the class did not even have PE, I still stayed there and read a book or listened to music while journaling for those two more hours. The comfort of being near these people, even if they might not even notice I'm just sitting there like an idiot was enough to motivate me to stay at school for two more hours doing nothing instead of going home. 

This weird trait of mine that I haven't seen in anyone else before has caused me to actually enjoy going to school. Really, really enjoy it. And not just the breaks too, but learning, interacting with teachers, just sitting in class amongst my peers. In fact, I liked class more than the breaks by a long shot. During class everything felt much safer, everyone being together and all. In the breaks I'm used to and will always be used to being alone. Even though most breaks I hung out with a consistent group of "friends", I couldn't find it in myself to consider myself one of them for a prolonged period of time. I like being around them, maybe I love it even. I love their presence, and I love the jokes they tell or the things they talk about. And I would like to say I like the way they treat me, but I don't know. I've always been unsure of what things mean socially, and sometimes it felt like I could never be apart of the group, even though they seemed to enjoy my presence consistently.

Towards the end, I untethered myself from the group coldly by not hanging out with them and ignoring them when they spoke to me when I passed by them in the halls. I don't know why I did that. It was anger that they didn't accept me, it was hate that they did not see the good in me, that they did not cherish me enough. It was insecurity that I wasn't part of them, and it was insecurity that I was, but merely as an unimportant someone contrary to everyone else.

I still laugh and smile at people because I don't have the energy to stop. A fake sense of happiness seems like the standard, and showing how absolutely depressed I feel feels like putting on a mask that doesn't want to stay on my face. I don't feel true to myself. I feel like a fake version of myself. I'm neither the outsider I used to be earlier who was honest about who he was, even though he was not accepted at all, nor am I the Stella Pique who I want to be. If I was, I would laugh, but I would also be honest about my feelings. I would not spend time with people who do not deserve me or people who do not appreciate me as much as I appreciate them. When I'm in school, in other words observed - and remember the usage of this word for later - I don't know how to act because I don't know who I am. Everything feels fake and facing my fears of shattering the perfectly happy image people have of me feels difficult. And hell, maybe it fucking doesn't. You know why?

Because I don't know what is happening with me myself.

This happy image of myself being fake is just an educated guess. Maybe it just is the real me. Maybe I just don't tell people how I am, and maybe I do, and maybe others are inconsiderate or ignorant to how obviously I am not in a well place mentally. How I haven't been, ever. The Clarity that has been bestowed upon me as a divine gift, or whatever it even was is the only thing keeping me in the place it is keeping me. I see the truth, for the better or worse, and while it does also guide me towards a lighter, more optimistic way of being alive, it cannot do that much on its own. The Star that I follow, which is a much more recent contribution to my personality guides me towards upkeeping the hope I have that one day I will meet the people I need to meet, but even these two together are not enough. For a while I thought I can do this on my own, I don't need anyone else, I've gone long enough alone, but I don't know if I can. Obviously I will survive, but how? How will I continue living? Will I be happy? No. I won't, but I will continue living somehow.

And from here on out I seem to have very few ways of continuing my life. Either I miraculously find an actual friend group I relate to, in person, who accepts me, who I meet without the use of school, or I keep living sad and alone. Or the bonus third option of trying to become apart of the group mentioned earlier, but that failed. Now the first option is not just difficult to achieve, but completely impossible, and even if it was, it is ruled completely and purely by luck and nothing else it seems.

I don't talk to a lot of people, but I do rarely have short lived conversations with people from the Clover group. One person from the group has given me the advice of "not focusing on it right now", as well as to stop trying to be better, as well as to stop this and to stop that, but what else is there for me? What else is there to focus on, or to divert my attention to? I know no one, I do nothing and I can't go anywhere or meet anyone. 

Anyways, about me doing nothing.

I have plenty of hobbies. I'd be willing to bet most people have not seen someone with as many as myself. I enjoy casual GameDev as in making games in Godot, making music, writing (who would've guessed, am I right?) , poetry, I cook and bake several times a day each, I do photography when I find myself in new places and even when I'm not because I'm trying to improve. I've enjoyed DIY-ing / crafting stuff such as my masks, my sword or my shield. I've enjoyed working on Project SP a lot. Of course there's more, too, but this doesn't help me at all. Nothing does. As soon as my day ends at 13:00, now even sooner because of school officially ending and only finals remaining, there's nothing for me to do because I have no energy at all. I feel sick to my core. I am bored, uninspired, unmotivated, burnt out. All I want to do is get back to school, to the one place I enjoyed being, but that doesn't exist anymore like it did for me.

It's like a purgatory. A prison. I'm lucky that finals (probably) aren't too difficult, because I can't be bothered to study either. I don't have anywhere to go, anywhere to gain even an ounce of happiness or joy that I require to keep living, not just surviving.

I sat there waiting for the bus today. I sat there waiting for 25 minutes, and for each and every second I stared into the ground, I could feel another bit of anxiety, another creep crawl up my spine. Should I miss the bus purposely again and walk home at 34 degree Celsius weather? I felt my legs shaking, unsure if I would walk or wait. I felt my hands cramping, unsure if I would charge my fists at a light pole, because of course hitting a wall would hurt too much. But I never really do that kind of thing. At home, my parents would hear. In public, people would see, and they would think I'm insane. But if I was left alone for one minute, for one fucking minute if I truly bridged the line between having to live with people I don't feel comfortable with and actually being under people I love; if I was truly either alone or comfortable I would collapse.

I know this, because it happened. I haven't cried often after my 13th birthday. In fact, two of the three times that I have cried were in the middle of the night, somewhere between the netherlands and where I live, on the way back from a school trip. I cried because the only person who I thought could save me did not love me. She did not even like me. She, as I thought I knew her, did not even exist. 

But yeah. The Male Loneliness Epidemic is self inflicted. It's my fault for definitely not having tried every single day of my life, for not changing who I was completely multiple times, for not being the most authentic version of myself until I was rejected again and again. It's my fault for being such a big, huge, evil asshole.

"Just go outside!"

"You'll find someone, don't worry."

"It happens when you least expect it!"

"I love you Stella. Whatever you're going through, I'm on your side man. I've always been and I'll always be on your side."

Would you believe me if I said one of these quotes is not real?